as soon as there was the first wave
there was the first surfer you know all
you need it was like a piece of
driftwood or a block of ice and you were
off and they were hooked man cave or
hooked
up till recent times had your old dudes
you know you're hanging six cats these
old guys used to lay down with these
huge humongous boards these guys were
the pioneers but nobody saw what surfing
could really be until Big Z did can you
tell us who pixie was who is Big Z
they're asking the right guy see is
everything Big Z is surfing the may well
has not been an ocean before Z they
invented the ocean friend and he lives
so hard cuz he wasn't afraid to live it
wasn't afraid to die
[Music]
came to an article I was just a kid
could have walked up to anyone and she
walks right up to me and then he tells
me you know kid no matter what find a
way cuz that's what winners do
[Music]
he was the greatest everyone looked up
to him respected him loved him and one
day one day I'm gonna be just like him
so Cody when you take your first wave
and whole islands there to watch what's
gonna be like it's gonna be amazing
and I hope the cameras rolling cuz
you're gonna want to watch it over and
over again it's gonna be awesome
that was spectacular Surf's Up
[Music]